Don't go.
I love you. baby... But you're late.
See you in 10 days.
People need to know
that there are survivors.
Their people could be alive up there.
And then what? They go searching?
Whatever the fuck that looks like.
My name is Teri Rogers-Collins.
I'm here with other survivors.
People are rebuilding.
Your wife is alive out there. Xavier.
I can help you find her.
Collins. he's showing you the way.
He gave his life for it.
It is not just about your wife.
We need to know what's out there.
We need to know who's left.
I'm coming. baby.
Why are you going up to St.
Louis if you're heading west?
Because you don't wanna be
crossing the river into Arkansas.
You see right over there?
There's still some bad pockets.
Come here.
This is cessna November 559108
flying 10.000 feet.
mechanical instruments only.
Heading is half.
Well. my compass is
acting sort of strange.
Relying partially on dead
reckoning. but I'm a little rusty.
Best I can tell. heading is east southeast.
This is cessna November 559108.
Once again. if anyone's
out there. come in. please.
I'm flying through
some kind of hailstorm.
If anyone is receiving this.
my name is Xavier Collins.
I'm flying to Atlanta to find my
wife. Dr. Teri Rogers-Collins.
who sent a radio transmission from
somewhere near the city's center.
Teri. if you're getting
this. the kids are safe.
They're in a Colorado bunker community
near 39 degrees
north. 105 degrees west.
Teri. Presley. James. I love you.
Mayday! Mayday! Mayday!
Terrain. Terrain. Terrain.
Terrain. Terrain.
A man down! Man down!
Medic. over here!
Don't move.
Your training officer said
you were on pace to break
the academy's course record.
Sorry. It sucks.
It was his record.
It sucks for him 'cause
I'm still gonna beat it.
Possible ligament damage.
We'll confirm that with an mri.
But that's gonna require surgery.
Then. there's your kneecap.
You've suffered a patellar dislocation.
- Can I see it?
- You don't need
- that picture in your head.
- Yeah.
Well. to perform the reduction. I'm
gonna need to cradle your lower leg...
flex your hip. then extend your leg.
I'm gonna apply force to the lateral
edge. push the kneecap back into place.
How will I know when it's back in?
You'll hear a clunk.
So. I'm listening for the clunk?
You won't be listening to anything.
We're gonna sedate you for this. Xavier.
This is not something
you wanna feel. Trust me.
Okay.
Relax your quad. Listen for the clunk.
That's my bag.
Did you hear what I said.
son? These are my things.
My books. my maps.
Half my life is in there. Hey.
Give it back. Hey. give it...
Who are they?
Hey. Hey. hey!
Hey!
Fuck.
Shit.
Fuck!
Go. go! Damnit. move it!
It's inside the boat?
I need to deal with my knee.
Geez.
Is there anything else I
can get you. Mr. Collins?
Any chance you got an
extra blanket lying around?
- A warm one. for the foot of the bed?
- Yeah. no problem.
One more thing. Is there
any chance I could swap out
this cherry-flavored
jell-o for a different flavor?
For a man who begged to
be awake during knee surgery.
I didn't expect you to be so damn needy.
My mother always said
I wasn't a good patient
because I have no Patience.
I know. I know.
As for my cherry jell-o hatred.
it comes from when I was a kid.
I had the flu and my mother
gave me cherry flavor.
and my stomach was like...
- I'll get you a different flavor.
- Thank you very much.
On a scale of one to 10.
what's your pain level right now?
Maybe a five?
Stays that way 'til tonight.
maybe you'll be discharged.
- Thank god for us all.
- Ha-ha.
I don't know what other flavors you have.
but if you happen to
have green or yellow.
I'd probably rank 'em
green. yellow. orange... shit.
It's lime.
You don't want it?
What I want is to have my
surgery and get the hell outta here.
Yeah. Yeah. I already had mine.
Some meniscal reconstruction.
Yes. I've heard. We've all heard.
I'm Xavier. It's nice to meet you.
Teri.
What an absolute pleasure.
I'm all set. nurse.
My roomie gave me hers. But I'll take it.
You know. now that I think
about it. I think. the pain in my knee
is closer to an eight.
So. maybe I should stay a little bit longer.
You don't have a chance.
We'll see.
That's my bag.
We can share the
food. but I need my stuff.
Please. I need my things.
Hey. kids. I...
I need water...
And I need to deal with my knee.
Thank you.
Who were those men with the torches?
I need to get back to my plane.
I need to pop my knee back into place.
And I don't wanna scare
you guys. but it's gonna hurt.
I'm probably gonna scream
and pass out from the pain.
Can you grab me
that cord from the bag?
Cord. please.
Thank you.
Hey. roomie.
What you doing?
You back there? Hope you're decent.
You do realize that
curtain is there for a reason.
I. just got back from a walk.
The doctor wants me to start
moving and putting weight on my knee.
Ambulation. It's his word.
Good for you.
They're having a birthday
party at the nurse's station...
And they have cake.
Fun!
I could get you a piece.
Some more ambulation.
Nah. I think I'm good.
Now. if you'll excuse me...
what are the cards for?
- I'm studying.
- What are you studying?
I am pursuing a doctorate in cell.
molecular and organismal biology.
And I don't need a study partner.
That's probably for the best.
- Okay. I think I better close the curt...
- ooh.
- God.
- I got it.
You. you are probably not supposed
- to bend down.
- No. it's ambulation.
- Remember?
- Just call the nurse.
What this?
Amanita phalloides?
Amanita phall-o-ides.
"Ama-nit-ya" number in a
second. you know what I'm saying?
You'd like it. it's a. it's
a type of mushroom.
An invasive species of mushroom.
Hey.
You don't have to do... I'm fine.
I'm... okay.
What are you in here for?
Congenital scoliosis.
Back pain has been my
constant companion my entire life.
but doctor says it's gonna be a
thing of the past as of tomorrow. so...
You nervous?
Yeah. Little.
Well. I'm sure you're in good hands.
Thanks.
Hey. maybe when we're both
back on our feet. so to speak.
we can... Grab a coffee or something.
- Like a date?
- Yeah.
And then. we go on another date?
And another? And then what?
Marriage. kids?
We spend the next 50 years
telling everybody our meet-cute story.
how we shared a
surgical room in a hospital?
It would be a cute story.
Okay. but here is the problem with that.
After I finish my phd.
I'm headed to Brazil
for a who-sponsored research position.
From there. it's back
to the states and the UN
before I make my run at my dream job.
which I have had my
eye on for years. at nih.
That's a lot of acronyms.
Marriage is not in the
foreseeable future for me.
And as unpopular as it is
for some women to admit...
I'm not even sure I wanna have kids.
So. what you're saying is...
That I'm not gonna let
my life plan get derailed
by the hot guy in the hospital
bed who put a blanket on my feet.
So. thank you.
but if you could just
maybe go away now. please.
"Hot guy."
I'ma get you some cake. Be right back.
Teri.
Come here.
How long have I been out?
Five minutes?
Five hours.
Can I have some more water?
Thanks.
Xavier.
My name is Xavier.
We understand English.
Alright. Of course you do.
- What's your name?
- I'm Daniel.
It's nice to meet you. Daniel.
These are my friends.
And that's my little sister.
They don't talk much.
Can I have my bag back?
It's got my books and pictures in it.
They're important to me. I
need the things in my bag.
Without the things in my bag. I
won't be able to get to where I'm going.
Thank you.
Look... This a map of the southeast.
I was flying to Atlanta. Georgia.
There's a radio tower
at these coordinates
that I'm trying to get to.
And when my plane went down. I
think I was pretty close to the city.
Do you guys... do you
know where we are?
Arkansas? You sure?
What do you got there?
Can I see?
I'm their dad.
That's my daughter.
Presley. and my son. James.
She wants to know if they're dead.
No. They're very much alive.
Lost?
No. they're back where I came from.
I... I left them there.
- Safe?
- Yes.
How did you guys get here?
We were on the same
travel team together.
Except for my little sister.
We went to a tournament on a bus.
That was the day it happened.
And what about your
coaches and your families?
They're all gone now.
Hey. this was my son's favorite.
I could read it to you.
Would you like that?
He wants to know if he can
have your jacket when you're dead.
Okay.
Maybe no book.
You said everything went
well. You said it was successful.
It did go well. This complication is called
perioperative visual loss.
and it's extremely rare.
It could take hours
or as much as a few days
for your eyesight to return.
But i-it will come back. right?
You're young. You're healthy.
Let's just take it one
step at a time. okay?
I'm gonna see you in the
morning. Try and get some rest.
You wanna talk?
Please. just leave me alone.
You know. when I find my wife. I'm
gonna bring her back to Colorado.
to our kids.
You kids can come back with us.
It's a safe place. I promise you.
It's normal there?
I don't know what
normal is anymore. Daniel.
But you'll be welcome.
I'll have to ask my friends.
They like it here.
Seems kinda hard. finding
food and water. staying warm.
We have other places we go.
Hey. Daniel...
Why does he open and
close his eyes all the time?
He says when he closes his eyes.
he can see his parents' faces.
He does it so he won't
forget what they look like.
Do you know what it's about?
It's the story of a little boy named James.
And even after he loses his parents
and his family's mean to him...
He still finds a way to make friends.
To find people that care about him.
And he doesn't give up.
"Until he was four years old. James..."
Fuck.
Drop the stick.
- You're from that plane. ain't you?
- Yes.
- You the pilot?
- Anybody else with you?
- No. I'm alone...
Where you come from?
You look well-fed. like you've been
taken care of with medicine and such.
I've seen folks in refugee camps.
they don't look nothing like you.
Colorado. I'm from Colorado.
Is that where you
plan to take those kids?
Yeah. that's right.
I've been tracking
them for a few days now.
He was a bad man.
He was following you.
I'm sorry. I. I had to do something.
He's hurt bad.
No. I'm okay. I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Sh...
you... gonna help me?
- You awake?
- I think so.
Jesus!
- Wake up.
- Alright. Hold on.
Stop throwing shit at me.
Hey.
What's going on?
I can't see. and I can't
find my water bottle.
It's usually here with
my... my hand cream
- and my chap stick.
- Okay.
- Tissue box.
- Yeah.
Flashcards. And then this. my ice chips.
But where's my water bottle?
- It's right here. usually. Where is it?
- I don't... okay. I don't know.
Where is it? And this blanket
keeps coming off my feet.
Alright. Okay. alright.
Just take it easy. okay?
I heard the doc say this is only gonna
take a couple of days. so just calm down.
- You want me to calm down?
- Yes.
You want calm?
How's that for calm?
Is everything alright?
Everything's fine.
- Here. let me get that.
- No. no. no. I got it.
Can we get some
more ice chips. please?
Yeah. no problem.
I'm sorry.
Here's your water bottle.
It's okay.
You're gonna be alright.
It's... it's just dark.
Okay. I need you to...
I need you to talk to me
about something else.
- About what?
- Anything.
Just your favorite food or...
Your favorite sports
team. your favorite book.
- Just talk to me. please.
- Okay. got it.
Favorite food is French toast.
Favorite sports team...
It's the St. Louis cardinals.
Favorite book?
Honestly. I'm not that much of a reader.
- You can't think of one book?
- I can think of one book.
but when it comes to
favorite. nothing jumps to mind
like French toast or the cardinals.
- I don't wanna just make one up.
- It's fine. you can lie to me.
I would never lie to you.
Okay. well... you think my
eyesight will come back?
I know it will.
Shit.
Hello?
Hey. kids?
Hey.
Hello?
Where's my bag? Where's my things?
No. no. no. No. no. no.
Shit.
You were headed home
when my shift ended yesterday.
I thought I'd stick around.
Sleeping in that chair
isn't great for your knee.
- Can I ask you a question?
- I can't give you prognosis.
Don't give up now.
Can I get you anything?
Coffee sounds good.
Hey. you know what? I'll come with you.
Okay.
T-Teri?
Teri?
Come on.
Anything yet?
Doctor said I might see
shapes and forms first.
- Do you?
- No.
There's nothing. It's just dark.
Just black.
Are you bothering my stuff?
You had. your book
and a bunch of cards.
I just thought I'd get 'em out of the way.
Coming in.
- Will you sit with me?
- Yeah.
How you feel? Okay?
Yeah.
Hold on tight.
Where are you taking
me? I need to find her.
Who? What's your name?
I need to get to Atlanta.
Atlanta?
That's not happening today. mister.
But. Teri.
Teri's your name?
T... Teri.
Anything yet?
Nope.
You don't have to be here. you know?
I know.
Anything yet?
Is this what you do?
What do you mean?
Make sure I have what I need?
Yeah?
It's nice to see you again.
You can see.
I'm starting to.
Where am I?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
I need to get to Atlanta.
You've been going on and on
about Atlanta since I found you.
Hey. hey.
These children?
Were they with you on the plane?
Those are my children. No.
They're in Colorado.
They're in an underground
bunker in Colorado.
I need... there's survivors in Colorado.
But my wife. Teri...
Ter...
Come here.
I need to get to Atlanta. so if
you can please just listen to me...
no. you listen to me.
You're not going to Atlanta.
You're taking us to Colorado.
Wait. Wait.